Chandler and Monica walked into the airport hand-in-hand, pulling their suitcases behind them. "See honey?" No problem getting a cab, no traffic… my way totally works," smiled Chandler. Monica took a deep breath. "I know, I know, we have plenty of time." "I am totally relaxed, totally calm." Suddenly her eyes grew wide as she saw the line for airport security, winding in a lengthy tangle that stretched all the way around the corner. Monica scurried toward the end of the line, with Chandler following behind. "We’ll be fine," he said as he caught up to her. "We’ve still got time to make our flight." " Just think about how relaxing it’s going to be once we’re on the way to our honeymoon." "Hammocks, piña coladas…" He started to sway his hips from side to side. "Bermuda, Bahama, come on pretty mama…" Monica pursed her lips, but the corners of her mouth turned up in a smile. They eventually made it to the front of the line to go through the metal detector. Monica began methodically removing her watch and belt, and started to search through her pockets to check for change. "Could you hurry up!?" a man behind them shouted, glaring at her. She turned around in shock. "Hey, I have never set one of these off before, and I am not about to start now," she scolded, holding up her finger. She started to walk through, then jumped back and bent down. She took off her anklet and put it in her box on the conveyor belt. She smiled at the security guard, "that was a close one!" Her joy was cut short as they heard the final call for their flight come over the PA system. "Our gate is on the other side of the terminal!" Monica shouted, holding her hands to her head. Chandler looked around in shock, and then ran over to an elderly man on an electric scooter. "I will give you sixty dollars," he said, shoving a wad of cash into the man’s hand, "if you let us borrow your scooter to get to gate B75." The old man looked back at him in surprise, then slowly stepped back off the scooter. Chandler gestured wildly to Monica, who hopped on the back of the scooter while Chandler took the wheel and accelerated down the concourse. Weaving between passengers and luggage, they screeched to the gate just before it closed and hurried down the jetway. They finally collapsed into their seats on the plane. "Next time we’re going to the airport my way," said Monica, wiping her forehead. "Four hours early." Chandler closed his eyes and leaned his head back on the seat and smiled. "Whatever you want." Right now all I can think is: Bermuda, Bahama, come on pretty mama…" Monica laughed.