Barney and Quinn walked into the airport pulling their matching pink tiger-stripe suitcases. Barney leaned over and kissed her on the cheek. "This is going to be an amazing week, I’m so glad we were able to put everything that happened behind us." He looked back at his neon-colored suitcase and frowned. "Well, almost everything." Quinn rolled her eyes. "Hey, you’re lucky I only threw out your luggage." "Next time you storm off to Atlantic City after a fight, you’ll be wearing hot pink stilettos." Barney hoisted the bags onto the security conveyor belt and they stepped through the body scanner. One of the security guards waved them over and held up Barney’s suitcase. "Sir, is this... is this yours?" she asked incredulously. "Yes, it is," he said with a sigh. The guard placed the suitcase on a table and opened it up, revealing a silver metal cube about a foot long on each side. "What is that?" Quinn looked equally confused. "Yeah, what is that?" Barney pointed to it nonchalantly. "It’s a magic trick, you see, I’m something of a magician." The guard motioned to several others for backup. "Sir, you need to open this box." "Oh, I can’t do that." "Magician’s code: a magician never reveals his tricks." "The only person I could possibly reveal the trick to is another magician." On cue, one of the security guards stepped forward. "I’m a magician," he said, pulling out a deck of cards from his breast pocket. Barney shrugged. "Fair enough." He leaned over and whispered in the guard’s ear. The guard raised his eyebrows and smiled. "Oh, I see." "Alright, you’re free to go." He zipped up Barney’s bag and handed it back to him. Quinn followed Barney down the concourse in total confusion. Magic trick? Why wouldn’t he tell her what was in the box? She tried to interrogate him as they sat in front of the gate, but he refused to spill the beans. "I told you, magician’s code." As they boarded the plane and found their seats, Barney placed the bag on his seat, pulled out the box, and handed it to Quinn. He took a key from his pocket and handed it to her, pointing to a small keyhole in the side of the cube. As she turned the key, the lid of the cube opened, revealing a small flower pot filled with dirt. As she looked to Barney in confusion, a green stalk pushed its way out of the dirt and climbed several inches out of the box. On its end was a red rosebud. Passengers and flight attendants were gathered around their seats, staring with Quinn as the rosebud began to open. In its center was a diamond ring, which Barney plucked from the flower and held out to Quinn. "Quinn, will you marry me?"