Ryan looked up from his boarding pass and sighed. There was his new partner Natalie, awkwardly climbing out of a taxi at the curb of the airport. She fumbled with her duffle bag, jacket, and massive luggage that squeaked shrilly as she tugged it through the airport doors. Ryan walked reluctantly toward her, pulling his own neatly-packed carry-on bag behind him. After checking Natalie's bag, the two walked toward the airport security lines. As Natalie struggled to extract her ID from the bottom of her duffel bag, Ryan scoped out the different line choices. "Bingo, Asians." He motioned toward the rightmost line with his chin. "You can't be serious," replied Natalie. Ryan shrugged. "Look at the other lines." "I never get behind people traveling with infants – I've never seen a stroller collapse in less than twenty minutes." "Old people are worse – their bodies are littered with hidden metal and they never seem to appreciate how little time they have left on earth." "He motioned to the center line, where three Middle Eastern men in suits were taking off their shoes." "Five words: randomly selected for additional screening." "Now Asians, they pack light, travel efficiently, and they've got a thing for slip-on shoes, god love ‘em." Natalie stared at him in wide-eyed shock. "That's racist." "I'm like my mother," Ryan smiled back at her. "I stereotype – it's faster." Natalie followed behind him in disbelief. As they passed through the metal detector, Natalie's watch triggered the alarm and she was pulled aside for a pat-down. Ryan stood by impatiently as she was finally cleared, and then motioned for her to follow him as he walked down the concourse. He stopped halfway to their gate and pointed at a luggage store. "If you're going to be flying with me, you need to get a carry-on bag." "You know how much time you lose by checking in?" "I don't know," sighed Natalie. "Five, ten minutes?" "Thirty-five minutes a flight." "I travel two-hundred-seventy days a year." "That's one-hundred-fifty-seven hours." "That makes seven days." "You're willing to throw away an entire week?" Natalie pursed her lips, but then turned and walked into the luggage store. Soon they were walking down the aisle of the plane, Natalie carrying both her duffel bag and a new compact carry-on that matched Ryan's. Ryan helped load the carry-on into the overhead compartment while she started to unpack items from her duffel bag onto the seat. Ryan looked over in confusion. "Two neck pillows?" "You realize that we're in business class and they will give you a neck pillow, right?" Natalie grimaced back at him. "I like my own stuff." "Don't you like feeling connected to home?" Ryan laughed. "This is where I live." "All the things you probably hate about traveling – the recycled air, the artificial lighting – are warm reminders that I am home."