"Denny's, It's always open," proclaimed Scott as he opened the door to the restaurant. His son Charlie grimly shuffled through the door, kicking snow onto the entryway carpet. "I don't want to eat here," he mumbled as Scott entered behind him. This wasn't how he had pictured spending his Christmas Eve. "What are you talking about?" "Everybody likes Denny's." "It's an American institution!" As they approached the hostess stand, they heard a loud commotion from inside the restaurant. A huge table of Japanese businessmen were excitedly gesturing to one another and erupting in uproars of laughter. Harried waitresses weaved between them to pour refills of coffee. A hostess hurried up to meet them. "Are you with Hatsutashi?" "No," said Charlie. "Dad burnt the turkey." "Oh, yeah, this way, come on," said the hostess, motioning them toward a back room. Several other families sat quietly in their booths, and one of the fathers sported a fresh bandage on his hand. He and Scott nodded to each other in a gesture of solidarity as Scott and Charlie took their seats. The hostess handed them menus, which Charlie reluctantly opened. "You know, Neal's a real good cook," he said, eying his father above the menu. Scott gave a snort at the mention of his ex-wife's new boyfriend. "Yeah, and you should see him walk on water." "You don't like him very much, do you Dad?" A tall waitress with frizzy hair approached the table with an order pad. "Coffee?" The smile returned to Scott's face. "No, thank you…" - Scott paused for a minute as he read her name tag - "Judy." "What do you say we start out with cold glasses of that delicious seasonal favorite: eggnog!" Charlie had just begun to protest that he didn't like eggnog, when Judy interrupted him, "we're out." Scott shrugged. "Then I'll take a decaf coffee and turkey club." She turned to Charlie. "I'll have a chocolate milk, and-" "We're out." Judy interrupted again, and Charlie sighed. "Plain milk's fine, and chicken fingers." Judy collected their menus and strode off toward the kitchen. The two sat in silence for a minute. Scott put his palms down on the table. "Look, I-I'm sorry, I was just kidding about Neal." "I like him, I'm sure he's a good psychiatrist, you know, there's just something about him, that makes me want to, I don't know…" "Lash out irrationally?" suggested Charlie. "Where did you hear that?" "From Neal." "I learn a lot from him." "He listens to me." Scott shook his head. "Yeah, and then he charges you for it." Judy reappeared with their drinks, the sandwich, and chicken fingers. Charlie dove into the French fries on his plate. "Merry Christmas, you two."