Okay, um, so the thing starts with, like, this kind of beachy scene, almost, with sand. And then you see this kid, Merlin, start walking up, and it flashes through a bunch of, like, scenes of just traveling, like, in fairly rural areas, and the music’s upbeat and happy. And then, um, like, the title scene, the credits roll with the music, and you see, like, a bunch of, like, medieval imagery and fire and stuff. Um, so, then after that, uh, this kid just keeps walking. He’s now in a town with, like, lots of people. Um, it’s very obviously, like, medieval times. Uh, he’s got, like, this backpack and stuff, and he’s traveled a long way, um, we understand. So, um, everyone’s congregated, and he joins this crowd of people, and we see this other man being led up to, like, this little stump thing by two guards, and we understand that he’s about to be executed. And then, um, the king of, I don’t, yeah, I guess just the king, he starts talking. He says that this man is going to be killed because he practiced magic, and that, um, he’s going to serve as an example to not do that. So, then, um, the man is killed. Everyone looks fairly horrified. This whole time, there’s this girl in the window, um, that I guess we’re, we’re supposed to think is important because she keeps being shown. Um, after the man is killed, his, um, the king says, like, “Let the festivities begin,” and I guess they’re celebrating, like, not using magic in the kingdom. Um, the, uh, before the crowd fully disperses, this woman starts screaming. And turns out that she’s the, uh, executed man’s mother. And, um, she’s pretty distressed, calls the king the only evil thing, um, says that before the festivities are over, uh, he’s going to, one of his kids is going to be dead anyways. And then, um, before the guards can seize her, she kind of, like, turns into this tornado and disappears. Um, so, then Merlin leaves kind of shaken. He goes to the, um, I forgot what the guy’s name was, the, oh, the court physician, and, um, he has a letter for the court physician. But before… so, um, he, when he goes into the room, the guy’s standing on top of, like, a balcony kind of thing, and, um, he startles him, so the court physician, he falls. But before he can fall on the ground, um, Merlin, who is magical, like, kind of catches him and slides the bed under him, so he lands on it nicely. Um, and yeah, so the guy’s shocked at first. Merlin tries to pass it off as, like, he didn’t do anything and then later just admits that he was born with magic. So he hands the guy the, um, letter and then, um, the guy tells him to, like, go. Uh, somewhere soon or before there’s a scene with the woman that we saw in the window earlier. Um, turns out she’s some kind of daughter of the king. And, uh, so the king is, um, just annoyed at all this magic stuff and the daughter is annoyed at how brutal the king was with everything and doesn’t, um, tells himself. And then he orders her to see, uh, some sort of singer or something and she at first refuses but then he gets angry so she does it. Um, then we see the court physician reading the letter that he got and, uh, so what happened was Merlin’s mother sent him there so that he could get some protection or kind of training or guidance, guidance... while he, um, because of his magic powers, or gifts as she calls them. Um, so then the next morning, uh, so, he, yeah, so Merlin goes, like eats breakfast. Um, uh, the guy kind of like on purpose knocks over a pail of water and sees Merlin again, like, just instinctively, like, stop it from falling, um, with magic. And, uh, again he questions him, like, that’s like asking him where he learned this stuff, um, how he came to have, uh, supernatural powers. And then he sends him off on errands, he tells him to deliver these two things of medicines to these two different people. Um, so Merlin does that and the first guy who’s, like, pretty blind just chugs it all at once even though he wasn’t supposed to. Um, then his on his way to deliver the second one he sees this, uh, blonde guy kind of in a suit, um, and this other, like, smaller, I mean I guess we’re supposed to assume he’s like some kind of peasant kid. Um, the blond guy’s like surrounded by a bunch of his posse… The other kid is alone and, um, the other kid has this massive target, like this big wooden thing, and the blond guy is like aggressively throwing weapons at him and, um, calling it target practice and just generally being aggressive about that all. And then, so, the small guy eventually falls down because he gets exhausted. Um, and Merlin is there and, uh, he tells, at first he’s nice about it and tells the blond guy and his crew like okay that’s enough. So then, um, the blond guy, eh, doesn’t like to hear that and, um, they get into, like, some- something of a verbal argument. Um, Merlin calls him my friend, he responds with no. Um, and it ends with Merlin trying to punch the guy who we, um, now know his name is Arthur, he’s the king’s son and, uh, he easily disarms Merlin and then the guards take Merlin away, and the next scene we see is him waking up in a cell. Um, so in the cell, um, I guess the most notable thing is when he wakes up he hears this, like, eerie voice just saying Merlin, Merlin, over and over again, um, and, he, it seems to be coming from the ground or somewhere under him. Um, but then the, um, his caretaker, the court physician, comes back in, tells Merlin he pulled a couple strings, uh, and that he can go. So that happens, um, with the one exception that he has to, like, do one of those medieval things where he sticks his arms and head through like this holes in a, um, panel more or less, and kids are, like, throwing fruits and vegetables at him. Uh, it’s all in good fun though, he’s laughing. And then this, uh, a different woman comes by and she was there when he defended the, um, like… the kid and then, um, she says, she’s kind of joking around with him, just saying, like, oh that was really brave, and she said, but it was, like, a good thing you didn’t get into a fight with Arthur because, like, he’s kind of like, he couldn’t beat up Arthur more or less is what her idea is. And, um, he laughs it off and that’s it, uh, some time before or after all that, um, there’s a scene in the woods. So there’s this tent and there’s a woman inside it, and, um, she hears a noise outside and it turns out to be one of her guards or something, and he comes in, and we learn that she’s headed towards the, uh, castle. And then um, uh, later he goes out, uh, tries like he hears some noise out in the woods so he checks what it is. Um, we don’t see anything, but next we hear a scream from like this is, uh, a scene, takes place inside the tent. And then, um, another figure approaches the tent and this time it’s like this old kind of decrepit lady. Probably, um, she looks like the woman who, um, the son or the mother of the man who was executed. So, um, yeah, she’s this witch. She comes in, she has like this, uh, voodoo doll that she stabs a couple of times and then the, uh, woman in the tent kind of falls over and is silent and still. And then she has this, um, potion thing on a necklace that she keeps rubbing and then... says a couple of words, um, a bunch of like incantations to it, it glows, and then she turns into the woman who was, used to be, like, alive and well in the tent. And then, um, she looks at herself in the mirror, though, and the mirror shows that she’s still this, like, kind of old witch. Uh, so yeah, that’s that scene. And then, um, the next time we see her she, uh, is coming off of a horse and, um, walking into the castle. So, uh, oh, and also when she steps off, we see that even the water reflects, like, who she really is, which is like this old witch, and not, um, this, like young brunette lady. So, um, she kind of walks in, the king is very very happy to see her. Uh, we learn that she is like a singer for all, like, the festival stuff that’s going on. And then, so he just like sends her on her way, says thanks for coming. Um, so Merlin is, uh, like out and about again and, um, this time, wait, no, not yet. This time he is sent to give, uh, her, like, the singer, um, like, this little thing for her voice. It’s, like, a vial, presumably of, like, some kind of medicine for her voice. And, um, so he goes to her, like, room, I guess, and, um, he puts it down at first because no one’s there. And he notices like that voodoo doll that she had, um, stab, she had been stabbing in the tent. And then, uh, he looks fairly confused and, um, kind of concerned and then he, uh, like, moves this little sheet off, and it’s, like, a stack of, I guess, what we would understand to be like spell books or something. And he’s looking at it, also fairly confused. Um, the scene then cuts, cuts to the lady and she, uh, she looks concerned. She, um, is really close to her room and, um, turns around quickly walks towards it and, um, just as she’s about to come in Merlin, like, quickly puts the book down, like, covers it back up. And, um, she comes in, says, what are you doing here. And then he just gives her the medicine, tells her he was there to deliver that, and leaves. Um, so yeah. And then, um, somewhere in another conversation with the, uh, court physician we learn that there, uh, all the dragons had been killed twenty years ago because magic, like, sent this world into chaos, except for one, which is underneath the castle. Um, so there’s a bit of foreshadowing. Um, and then, so Merlin bumps into Arthur and his gang on the street again. And, um, at first when Arthur calls out to him, he tries to ignore them. But then Arthur just keeps talking and he can’t ignore him anymore. And then, so, um... he, um, he, being Merlin, uh, keeps like kind of over bravado-ing, um, tells Arthur like, oh, like, I could beat you up with, like, less than a sword, or whatever he had said. So Arthur throws him, like, this, not sure what the term is for it, but the, like, stick with a chain on the end that you kind of whoop around to hurt people. So Arthur comes after him with one of those and at first Merlin is, like, super clumsy, all he can do is run away. There are like portions of the town kind of getting destroyed. Um, yeah, he, like, it’s very busy out, so he’s like, bumping into people, lots of fruit is getting smashed, like, running over, um, fruit carts and stuff. And then, um, he kind of goes back into this alleyway, and he’s just, he tripped and fell on this pile of stuff, and Arthur’s standing over him, like, swinging this weapon around. Um, but then he uses magic, and, like, there’s these meathooks nearby, and then, like, he aligns them perfectly so that when Arthur is swinging his, um, like, chain thing around, it gets wrapped up. And then this is, like, kind of Merlin’s chance. He jumps up and then, um, now, like, there’s, like, a bunch of scenes of him doing little things to trip up Arthur. Like, literally, like, he moves this block in front of him when Arthur’s trying to come after him, so he trips over it. And then, um, he hides again. And then Arthur still gets up, keeps coming after him, and he pulls this rope taut, so he trips over that as well. And then so Arthur is now the one falling all over the place and by now a fairly large crowd has gathered and we see that, um, uh, the court physician is also there, like, kind of, like, looking at Arthur. We kind of see a small smile on his part. Um, and yeah, so Arthur looks at him and, um, there is an ending that I can’t recall right now, um, yeah I think that’s it.