Vinny and Mona stumbled bleary-eyed into a dingy-looking diner. The place was deserted, save for a few flies lazily circling around the lamps. The hostess, who was loudly chewing a wad of gum, pointed toward the counter. "There's seats at the counter if you want breakfast." "Thanks," said Vinny and they took their seats with a yawn. A cook wearing a white apron emerged from the back room and slapped a single menu down in front of them, before silently returning through the swinging doors. Mona picked it up, and Vinny looked over her shoulder. On the menu were exactly three choices: BREAKFAST for one-ninety-nine, LUNCH for two-forty-nine, or DINNER, for three-forty-nine. Mona tilted her head back and forth in sarcastic ambivalence. "So, breakfast?" "You think?" replied Vinny, stroking his chin. The cook circled back to the counter. "You two want something to eat?" "Two breakfasts, please." He rubbed his eyes as he passed the menu to the cook. "Can I ask you something?" "What's the story with this incredibly, remarkably loud whistle at five-thirty in the morning?" The cook's eyes narrowed – clearly these two were from out of town. "It's the steam whistle, over by the saw mill." "Tells folks it's time to get up." "You can hear it for miles." He turned his back toward the couple to face the griddle, where several strips of bacon were already sizzling. Mona watched in horror as he spooned a massive scoop of lard onto the griddle and pushed it around to coat the surface. "Excuse me," said Vinny, and the cook turned to him suspiciously. "Have you guys around here not heard about the ongoing cholesterol problem in the country?" The cook looked back and forth at both of them, pursed his lips, and then turned back to the griddle shaking his head in disbelief. Mona picked at her nails, and then looked over at Vinny. "You've got one huge responsibility, taking on this murder case." "You screw up and those boys get fried." Vinny turned to her, annoyed. "I know." "So you think you know what you're doing?" "Yeah, I think I know what I'm doing." She held up her hands. "Because you didn't look like you knew what you were doing today in that courtroom." "Why is that?" Vinny shrugged. "Well it's a lot of procedure, is all." "It's my first trial case, I'll learn as I go." The cook placed two plates in front of them, covered in bacon, eggs, and a pile of some kind of white porridge. Vinny poked at it with his fork. "What's this over here?" The cook looked at him in disbelief. "You've never heard of grits?" "Sure, sure, I've heard of grits, I've just never actually… seen a grit before." "Go ahead honey, aren't you going to try it?" "You first," she said with a smile.