This is the story of my first landlord, and my first apartment in New York. I think I'm going to call it “Rent.” I first came up here from South Carolina, like apparently, or North Carolina, like everybody on this stage tonight, back in the early 80s, and I was living on people's floors, and I was trying to find an apartment. And I don't know if y’all remember what it was like to get an apartment in 1981. Um, some of you may not, but it required that you sort of commit a crime. It was all sorts of subleases and various shady documents that had to be mimeographed in, like, Cuba, and then sent back. And there was this thing called key money. Does anybody remember that? Key money; maybe that's still around, I don't know. Anyway, a friend of mine called me up and said, “I think I've got a place for you. It's in my building. You have to go talk to the superintendent. His name is Bob.” And, um, and I said, “Okay, uh well, what do I need to bring?” And he said, “You know, basically five hundred and fifty dollars in an envelope.” So I showed up, and, uh, went into the super's office, and there was Bob. And, um, we started talking, and I said, “Well here's the key money,” and I just popped it on the desk. And, I guess I didn't know the protocol of of sleazing an apartment in New York. I guess you weren't supposed to put the key money right there in front of the superintendent. I, I seemed to have offended him. Uh, by the way, my friend Kevin, when he warned me about going in there, he said, “You know, Bob talks a little differently than other people, so just stay on your toes.” Um, so, I put the key money on the—on the table. Bob kind of fixed an eye on me, says, “Let me tell you something, mister. One of those reporters came in here one time, asking me if I would rent an apartment, you know, like this. And I could tell he had a device in his lapel. And I leaned right over in his lapel, and I said, ‘Let me tell you something, buster. I rent my apartments to anybody I want to.’ And I said it so loud that the guy in the sound truck out front came busting out the back of the car, blood gushing out of his ears, and ran off down the street.” So, I kind of looked at Bob and said, “Wow, that must have been quite a scream you made there.” He kind of looked at me, and then I think I got a lease. I'm not sure; I lived there for ten years. I think I had a lease. And Bob and I… Bob was the superintendent for four buildings on West 99th Street. Um, and over the years, I got to learn just how this guy talked. Um, it was not—it was just the way he described reality. It was all very different than maybe the one we all share here on this time–space continuum. So, for example, one time he was fixing something in the hall and he just offhandedly told me he owned five ranches in Brazil, where he was from, and two vineyards in Italy. I said, “Wow, Bob… I mean, so why are you fixing my toilet, then?” You know, and… Bob said, “Well, uh, you know, uh, the stress of the… the ranches hurt my heart, and my doctor in Brazil said, ‘Grow more flesh to protect the heart.’” And Bob, in fact, had grown quite an ample carapace of flesh to protect his heart. Um, he would tell you, like, you know, “In my country, I can kill somebody and get away with it, because it's written into the constitution that you can't prosecute me.” Okay, well that… that must be very handy somehow. And then there was my landlord, now—there was the landlord; his name was Alan Stern, and he only showed up about once a week. And he was fairly reasonable. You know, like, um, there was a co-op attempt. This was a big thing in the 80s. Everybody thought we were going to get rich. Both the landlords and the tenants all thought we were going to get super rich. And I cooperated with Alan, and we tried to work this thing out. We were—he was going to co-op the building, he'd make a pile of money, we’d buy our apartments for cheap, and then cash out and make tons of money, and everybody would be happy. Well, it turns out they—the city sent an engineer up there, and the report on our building said something like, “A column of dust held up by a hundred and twenty-five years of paint.” That's literally a quote from the engineer's report, and, and I sort of knew that because whenever I went to hammer a nail into the wall to hang a picture—you know that feeling of like, you know, it’s like maybe I won't hang that picture. Maybe I'll tape up a poster over that large hole that I’ve just now made in the wall there... Yeah. So… But Alan and I also had our differences. You know, like, uh, the, the apartment was split between, like, sort of, the yuppie scum like myself who had moved in, you know, with, you know, with new jobs and a little bit of money, and then these older Puerto Rican, uh, grandmothers who lived in the building, who had much lower rents from way back when. And Alan wanted to make more money, so he was not doing anything for the old ladies, and he was giving us all the services, you know, which was Bob, of course. Bob would come in and fix your toilet and make it worse, but, but, of course, what Alan didn't understand is that I'm a Southern guy. And one thing you know a Southern guy with an eight-year perfect attendance pin from Sunday school does really, really well is old lady management. So, of course, I knew, or got to know, every one of these old ladies, and became their friend. And, uh, and at one point one of them showed me her apartment, and I was like, “What is your tub doing standing with all this water, and why are your johns not fixed?” So, I started a rent strike on behalf of these ladies. And Alan and I got—had, you know, very harsh words, but it was all very gentlemanly. He said he was he was going to take me to court and sue me because I had nothing to sue him for. And I said, “Alan, you know, we're all going to go to court. It's going to be all these nice grannies and they're going to be complaining. And then you're going to be saying that you do all the services for all of us, and we look very different from the grannies. And this is going to be in front of a judge. And, so, you're going to lose.” And, so, Alan—it took awhile—Alan wasn't a rocket scientist. But Alan figured out that he was in fact going to lose, and everything resolved amicably, you know? Meanwhile, there was Bob. Bob—one time, I remember—we had these funny lamps in the kitchen; those round, like, fluorescent things, you know, they, they work for, like, five years, and then finally mine went out. They were also in the hall of this building. And I went to Bob, and I said, “Bob, you know those funny round lamps in the hall? Mine's burnt out.” And I’m, just, you know, “Do I buy those, or, I mean, do you have them? I mean, where would I—I don't even know where to get one of those, you know?” Uh, and he goes, “Let me tell you something, mister. Don’t… don't try to steal the lamps in the hall. I have put a device in there. If you take the bulb out, it will explode the glass, shoot it in your eyes, and you will be blind.” So, I took this to mean that I was to buy the lamp, because I had finally mastered Bob-ness, you know? So, I lived in this apartment for ten years, up into the early 90s. And, one day I was walking to work, and I hadn't seen Bob or Alan for a couple of days. There was another, uh, superintendent—the only one that was worth ever talking to, Smitty—and the only one who could fix anything. And, uh, and, and, but nobody seemed to be around. There were four buildings; they were all owned by the same, uh, little group there. And I was walking to work, and I saw that, you know, the Daily News had another headline. It said “Terror Landlord in New York.” I thought, oh, that sounds good. I walked over and I looked at it, and I was like, “That's my landlord.” It's Alan Stern, terror landlord; that's my guy. And I picked up the paper, I sat down and read the story; it was unbelievable. Alan had gotten—so, Alan and his sister—by the way, this story is true—Alan and his sister owned the four buildings, and so each of them basically had two. The sister's husband was divorcing her, and under the New York rules, he would get half the family assets, which would be one of these four buildings, which were worth—even though they were six stories of, of columns of dust held up by a hundred and twenty-five years of paint—as you know—that's still worth a lot of money in New York City. So… Alan did not want to part with one of his six stories of dust held up by a hundred twenty-five years of paint that easily, so he had the guy killed. And Bob, apparently, had found the hit man, and contract—and, and they had killed this guy. Like, a long time ago, like, when I was living in the building, you know, I mean in 1984 or something. They killed—they had this guy shot, you know—one of those stories the guy's found dead under a bridge. It was down… it was down in the Village; he was found on the Westside Highway. And they thought he'd just been mugged—you know, the wallet had been taken or something like that. And, um, and so, lo and behold, all of a sudden, Alan was gone. He got he got life. He went to prison forever. And Bob had ratted him out. And Bob still lived in our building. I would see him. It was, like, unbelievable, you know? And, uh, and then after a couple of years. Bob just sort of disappeared. And, um, and the story just went away; we all, just—we were just stunned. And, so, and eventually I got married and moved out of the city, and, and I now live in New Haven, Connecticut. And I work for the New York Times. And I was working a story one time about money laundering on a little island called Nauru. It's in the Pacific Ocean. And I'd called this assistant secretary of the treasury, who was in charge of investigating complicated financial things. His name is John Moscow. Is that a great name or what? And he, he actually is exactly the name that you think. He'd pick up the phone, “John Moscow?” And I was like, “I'm Jack Hit, blah blah blah, New York Times calling, money laundering, blah…” And, so, you know, in that first moment of calling somebody for an interview, you know, you sort of chat them up a little bit, you know? So we were just talking and everything, and I said, “Have you been doing a lot of financial crime?” You know, and he said, “No, no, I used to do homicide in New York, homicide…” And I was like, “Oh, well,” he said, “Yeah, back in the glory days, you know, before Dinkins and Giuliani, you know, stopped crime… You know, before that happened, there was actually, like, this crime wave under the, uh, rule of Ed Koch. You know, two thousand people a year or something.” And, um, and I said, “Oh, yeah, the glory days in New York. I remember. Yeah, you know, uh, I was actually, sort of, involved in one of those. I had a, you know, landlord who was, uh, had his brother-in-law killed, and, uh, and, uh, you know, and he got put away.” He goes, “Alan Stern? 206 West 99th Street?” I'm like, “Yeah!” He goes, “I'm the one who put him away.” I couldn't believe it! What, what are the odds, you know? I call—call all the DAs in the world to get this guy. So, we start chatting, and it's, like, unbelievable. And, uh, and he says, you know, yeah, you know, “Bob had turned state's witness. He’d called that number five five five TIPS, you know, that crime number. That's how he turned Alan in. So… so, I said, “Man,” you know, “Bob, what a nut that guy was.” I said, “You know, he was just the most incompetent guy ever, you know? He would just, every time he, you know, everytime he would fix anything… one time he went to fix one of my sinks, and, and put so much of that Drano-like fluid in there, he literally blew the whole sink off the wall. And I had to move out of the apartment for a week to get the sludge out.” And I said, “You know, he used to always—how did you deal with him, you know? He would always come up with these crazy stories, you know? He’d tell us, like, you know, well, you know, I’m in the constitution. I can't be, uh, you know charged with murder in Brazil.” Moscow says, “Yeah, that one's kind of true.” I'm like, “What?” He goes, “Yeah, that, there's some truth there.” I said, “What are you talking about?” He goes, “Well, you have to understand Bob DeSalvo was a member of the Brazilian Secret Police. And he killed people. A lot of people. And he, we think, cut some deal with the government and moved to New York, and became your super.” No way. Way. And I went and looked it up. I went and looked up the trial, you know? And, at one point in the, in the, on the, in the trial, he was asked about, um, he’s asked about, uh, what he did in Brazil. And he said, “I tortured people. My specialty was men.” I'm like, oh my God, you know? And, so, then Moscow finally explains the whole story, which is essentially that Alan, having killed his brother-in-law, wanted to rub out a couple of, uh, a couple of troublemakers in the building, right? And he wanted Bob to go hire these, the, the, the, the same killers to kill these, these tenant activists, because they were causing him all this trouble. And, um, and Bob realized, he says, “You can't do that. You know, you're going to be the first suspect. You know, you can't do it.” And he says, “Well, I'm going to do it. If you don't do it, I'm going to do it.” And Bob, thinking like a good secret police torturer, realized that if he didn't rat Alan out, he was going to get caught, because Alan was going to do this stupid thing and get caught, and Bob was going to be implicated in the earlier killing. So, Bob called five five five TIPS and turned him in. And, so, I’m—J-John Moscow was telling me this—I’m going, “John, I'm the tenant activist. That's me. I'm one of them, anyway.” So, Bob DeSalvo, my crazy superintendent, may actually have saved my life.”
Well, when I was about thirteen years old, I also went to the doctor. And, uh, the doctor told me, he said, “You know, uh, your eyesight’s getting bad. I'm afraid you're going to need either glasses or contacts for the rest of your life.” You know, that's not terribly unusual. But, he went on to say, “You know, I hate to be the one to break it to you, but you're no longer eligible to be a NASA astronaut.” And that might seem like an unusual thing for your doctor to say, but, in my case, it wasn't that unusual because my doctor was the NASA doctor. Which is because my father was a NASA astronaut, and, in fact, my neighbors were all astronauts. My right-hand neighbor was a guy, man named, uh, Joe Engel, who was another shuttle astronaut. Left-hand neighbor, uh, Hoot Gibson, another astronaut. Uh, you know, nearby people like, uh, Buzz Aldrin and Neil Armstrong, uh, lived, you know, relatively nearby. And all my neighbors who weren't astronauts were either scientists or engineers, usually for NASA or a prime contractor involved in putting people into space. And, so, when I was told that I was no longer eligible, that was like being told that you are no longer welcome in the club that your father, your neighbors, and all your friends are a member of. And, while before that moment I probably would've never said, you know, when I grow up, I want to be an astronaut, because I just assumed everybody went to space because everybody I knew did go to space. But suddenly I was, I said, look, uh, you know, if I can't go, that's I was clearly disappointing. I was angry and, you know, as depressed as a thirteen year old can get, you know, which isn't that depressed really. But, uh, within a couple of days, I, you know, I resolved myself to the following thought. I said, you know, if I'm not welcome in the community of NASA astronauts, you know, who are they to be the gatekeepers to space? If I can't go as a NASA astronaut, I'm just going to have to bring into existence a civilian spaceflight capability. And, at the age of thirteen, that, of course, doesn't sound nearly as impossible as I'm sure you, uh, understand that it really proved to be. But, of course, also at the age of thirteen, you’re not really prepared to begin pursuing it with vigor, so I, you know, that’s, even though that became my goal in life, I did more normal things that a teenager would do. But in my neighborhood, normal was still a little different. For example, uh, you know, my father, when he would come home from work at NASA, he would go into his study until late night and when he did emerge in the evenings, he usually brought out with him into the living room some of the techno toys or experiments he was working on for spaceflight, which were usually things that, while they seemed normal to me, were science or technology that was, you know, decades ahead of when other people in other neighborhoods would ever get to see it. For example, uh, one of the toys he brought home one time was something called a photomultiplier tube, a little kind of cylinder of aluminum, uh, that we put a camera lens on one end and a telescope ocular on the other end, and, uh, you could use it to go out in the middle of the night and hunt the cat in the backyard at midnight. And, of course, this actually became the basis of what, a decade later, became night vision scopes. But, uh, but that word didn't even exist when we were playing with it in the backyard. And that was just one of many, you know, such experiences. But when I entered high school, I had another kind of pivotal life moment. I had, uh, my sister-in-law gave me a book, uh, the Lord of the Rings, uh, and that same year a game called Dungeons and Dragons was published. And that’s also the first year that personal computers came into existence. And I actually fell in love with all three of those. And, so, in the early seventies or mid seventies, I became one of the very first ever, people ever to begin to write computer programs and games on personal computers. And what was funny about the school I went to is we had one computer terminal back in the seventies. But there was no class that used it. No teacher knew how to use it. There was no curriculum for it. But I fell in love with it. And since I was an active student of science at the time, I competed in science fairs and things, you know, throughout my, uh, tenure in school. So, this, the faculty knew that I was a self-starter and could do independent projects. So they let me have my own classroom, no teacher, no curriculum, no nothing to turn in. All I had to do was show them what I did by the end of the semester, which was usually make some games, and they gave me a guaranteed premium A credit. You know, which was mighty convenient for me. But they had to count it as something that had to classify this class, and, so, for four years, they, uh, while I was teaching myself how to program games, they counted it as my foreign language credit. So, I actually never took a foreign language in school. And, uh, uh, but by the time I entered college, had another kind of interesting thing occur. You know, which is that, don't forget up until now, I'd lived within this little NASA enclave, and when I went to school, or I went to college, went away to college, I met what I used to call the Sesame Street people. You know, the butcher, the baker, the policeman, the fireman. All these things that I thought was a fantasy on television I now learned was actually real, normal life, and that my little sheltered existence was what was abnormal. And, uh, another kind of thing happened at that time, too, which was that I began to publish my first games. I wrote a series of games called Ultima. It was, uh, one of the very first ever and longest running, you know, fantasy role-playing, uh, series that existed. And as my income level began to skyrocket, my grade point average began to crash. And I knew that there was a real problem that came up when I flunked my first programming class. And programming was what I doing all night, every night by myself at home, so I clearly knew the material, but I just wasn't interested in the class. So I, I contemplated dropping out of school. And, you know, for me, this would be a pretty tough decision, because every other member of my family has advanced degrees and they're things like astronauts. And here I was considering dropping out of school to go play games for a living, which is what I did. But the side effect of that was that, with the income that I was getting out of these games, that allowed me to begin to pursue my, uh, passion of exploration. And I went down to the sea floor; I've been down to the Titanic; been down to hydrothermal vents; I've been on safaris in Africa; I've dugout canoed down the Amazon; I've been on meteorite hunts down in Antarctica. But, of course, space was always the thing that I really had this passion for. And I, I had made many investments down through my entire gaming career, most of which never went very far, towards the privatization of space. But finally, right about, uh, the end of the nineties, right about 2000, started a series of companies that cracked the door open. The first one was called the XPRIZE, where we paid a ten million dollar prize for the first private vehicle that flew twice to space. We started a company called Zero G Corp that actually has a seven twenty-seven, we fly people in parabolic flights, for example. All of you, uh, can go do that; it's great fun, by the way. Uh, but we also started a company called Space Adventures, and, with my money, Space Adventures went over to Russia and negotiated a contract with the Russians to be able to fly civilians on the Russian Soyuz to the International Space Station. And this was right when I sold my first game company, Origin. I had the money. I arranged the ticket. I was going to become the first private citizen to ever fly into space. Then came the 2001 internet stock market crash, and with it went all of my wealth. And, so, not only did I have to stop construction on a home that I've still never finished, but we, I had to sell my seat to space, that I'd spent 25 years in pursuit of, I sold it to a man named Dennis Tito, who became the first private citizen in space. Very sad day for me. But, then I went back and I said, okay I know what to—I know how to make games. So I went back and started another game company, built some more games, sold some more games. And as soon as I had enough money to pay for a ticket to space, first thing I did with all the wealth I'd generated to date was I plunked down my deposits, my non-refundable deposits, on my trip to space. But just because you want to go, just because you've arranged the business to be able to go, just because you've paid to go, doesn't mean they will let you go. There's one more major hurdle, which is medical exams. And to go in space, which is challenging physiologically, they study your body in great detail. And when they did this on me they found something they found fairly alarming. They found something called a hemangioma on my liver. And in this case, in the case of rapid depressurization of a spacecraft, it would represent an increased chance of internal bleeding, which you could neither diagnose nor cure, and therefore be fatal. And so they said, “Richard, you can't go to space with that. So, you either have to give up your large deposits that you've already made now to go to space, or you have to undergo life-threatening surgery.” So, what do you think I did? I now have a 16 inch scar as a memento of my quest to find my way into space. And, so, finally after that hurdle was passed, I finally began my training in Russia. Spent about a year in Russia in preparations. Uh, then finally, escorted by my father, I actually went out to, on October 12th, of 2008, Columbus Day, a good day to go exploring. Put on my own custom-made space suit, walked out to a fully fueled rocket… It’s covered in frost because of all the cryogenic fuel on board and all the air coming nearby that's condensing into fog that's streaming down to the fire pit down below it. And then, while everybody else gets far away as they can, me and my two crewmates crawled up inside, squeezed inside this very claustrophobic little capsule, went through a brief checklist, lit that sucker up, and then took the very brief eight and a half minute ride from standing still on the ground, to traveling around the earth at seventeen thousand miles an hour. And, at that speed, you orbit the earth once every ninety minutes. You see a sunrise or a sunset every forty five minutes. You cross the entire United States in only eight minutes. You go around the world sixteen times everyday, and I spent twelve days floating around all day and all night like superman performing experiments and looking back on the earth until finally the fiery reentry and the impact back on the surface where my father was again waiting for me to, in the rescue helicopter. So it was kind of a very cool, you know, father–son moment for us. And my father was actually influential in another way, you know, he, since he had experience flying in space before, he helped me put together my entire science program. And he knew that one of the most important things to get the chance to do while you're in space is to be at the window and look back at the Earth. And so we planned lots of experiments where I'd be at the window and got a chance to look back at the Earth. And there's something called the Overview Effect that most every astronaut describes, which is really the series of epiphanies that you get from this great, wonderful vantage point you have in space looking back at the Earth. For example, as soon as I saw a place on the earth that I knew well, in my case it was Houston, Austin, Dallas, and the Gulf Coast, and the entire planet, I immediately said, you know, I now know the true scale of the earth by direct observation. And that actually means a lot more to you personally when it happens than it even does to hear it be said. But, then as you go around the earth over and over again, just by looking out the window, your knowledge about what are called the grand scale systems of the earth goes up very rapidly. Things like weather, the results of tectonic plate movement, the water, erosion by water, erosion by wind. All these things, you know, are just pouring into your brain at seventeen thousand miles an hour. But the most impactful thing doesn't happen until you've been looking out of the window for a few days, which is that every part of the Earth that you can see from space, every fertile part of the Earth you can see from space, is fully occupied by people. There was no fertile part of the Earth that I saw that wasn't either a city or a farm. Only things like alpine mountains or vast deserts or really swampy parts of the Earth weren't fully occupied by people. And it really inspires you to come back to the Earth afterwards and kind of redouble your efforts towards, uh, environmentalism, you might say broadly. Uh, you know, I would describe myself as an environmentalist before I flew, but my lifestyle has been changed profoundly since I've flown. But, you know, of all the experiments that I did in space, which at another time I'd be happy to recount give more tales of, of course, the most ironic is that, you know, no NASA astronaut who's flown in space has ever flown who's had laser corrective eye surgery, which in the intervening years I have had. And, so, the one thing that NASA would have blocked me from ever flying into space for became the number one thing they were interested in studying about me as I prepared for my space flight. And so I submitted to and participated in a very extensive tests, sequence of tests on my eyes. And, since my flight, NASA has now approved for all astronaut candidates laser corrective eye surgery. So, the thing that, uh, NASA, of course, uh you know, banned me for has kind of become my one contribution back to the fold. So, thank you.