I began my illustrious career as a hard-boiled reporter in the Bronx where I toiled for the Ram, uh, Fordham University’s student newspaper. And one day, I’m walking toward the campus center and out comes the elusive Dean McGowan, architect of a policy to replace traditionally—the—Fordham’s traditionally working to middle class students with wealthier more prestigious ones. So, I whip out my notebook and I march right up to him, I say, “Dean McGowan, is it true that Fordham plans to raise tuition substantially above the inflation rate and, if so, wouldn’t that be a betrayal of its mission?” And he looks at me like, “What are you talking about, punk?” And then right then, outta the corner of my eye, comes this blur, which becomes the figure in a Lone Ranger’s mask standing next to me with a cream pie, which becomes a guy with a cream pie that he’s mashing into Dean McGowan’s face. And then runs away. The Dean is covered with cream. So, I give him a moment, and then I say, “Dean McGowan, would you care to comment on this latest attack?” And he says, “Yes, I would care to comment: screw you.” And now I race back to the newsroom with my scoop, and I find the editor. He’s a guy named Jim Dwyer. He’s a senior and he’s a big guy, and he’s going to go on to win a Pulitzer Prize. So, I tell him what I’ve seen, and I pitch him my story. And he says, “Dean McGowan, that guy’s a dick. Write it up.” And now I’m pounding out my story, and I know it’s good. But then I start to make it better, by adding an element of embellishment. Now, reporters call this “making stuff up,” and they, they recommend against it. But I had just seen the line crossed between assault with a pastry and a high powered dean, and I kind of liked it. So, the first thing I did is I gave the figure a name. I called him Pie Man; capital P, capital M. And I described him as a cape-wearing masked avenger, although actually he’d been capeless. And I said that as he fled the scene, he clicked his heels with rakish glee. And then I gave him a catchphrase in Latin. I said that, as he sped away, he cried, “Ego sum non an bestia.” Which means, “I am not an animal.” Which makes no sense. Uh, Fordham was a Catholic school and we all thought Latin was classy, so that’s what I used. And when I finish my story, I, I raced back to Dwyer, and I showed it to him, and he read it, and he said, “Pie Man… I love it. Page one.” Few days later, I get a letter. I open it up and it says, “Dear Jim, good story. Nice details. If you want to see me again in action, be on the steps of Duane Library at three PM on Tuesday.” Signed, Pie Man. And I was there with a photographer for the Ram, and, sure enough, out comes student body president Sheila Beale. And, now, Sheila Beale was different from the rest of us flannel shirt-wearing part-time job-working Fordham students. Sheila was well-bred. Sheila had school spirit. Sheila was exactly the kind of student that Dean McGown wanted more of. And, actually, Sheila and the dean had recently collaborated to ban all outdoor drinking on campus; the infamous no more beer at barbecues rule, because Sheila thought drinking in public was in poor taste. So, I think you know what happens next. Pie Man emerged from behind a late night library drop box, made his delivery, and fled away, crying, “Ego sum non an bestia.” And that’s what I reported in my story the next day in the Ram, which ran with a giant photo of Pie Man leaping into the air and clicking his heels with his cape flowing behind him. And that’s what made him a sensation on campus. People started dressing like him at parties and quoting him in class. The Ram ran five major stories about Pie Man for the rest of that semester, all of them by me. And on the last day of campus—sorry, the last day of classes—I went off campus to a bar, just to celebrate. And as I walked in, I, I saw outta the corner of my eye Angela from my Brit Lit class having a drink with a few of her friends. And, now, Angela and I had been flirting for months. Or, she had been—I, I actually had been flirting with her, and with such nuance that there was a question about whether she even knew I existed. So, I saw her there and made a mental note to do nothing about it, and then I went to the bar and ordered a drink. And I felt a a tap on my shoulder. I turned around and it was her. It was Angela. And she said, “Jim, we were just talking about how you always seem to know when and where Pie Man will hit. So, we were wondering: are you Pie Man?” And I knew, I knew by the way she asked me that, if I said yes, she would have sex with me. And wasn’t I really Pie Man? Hadn’t I brought him into existence? Didn’t she only know about him because of me? But, actually, Angela had asked me a straightforward question that came with a straightforward answer. I was not Pie Man. As far as I knew, I had never met the guy out of costume. So, I said, “Yes, Angela, I am Pie Man.” And she looked at me, she said, “Oh good, I was hoping you’d say that. Now buy me a beer and tell me all about it.”