Jerry and George strolled through the airport with their suitcases. George walked quickly, grimacing as he scanned the signs to figure out which way to go. A man passing by sneezed in his direction, causing him to recoil backwards and then frantically squirt Purell onto his hands. Jerry sauntered up behind him, smiling. "Just relax!" "Learn to love the airport." "We're all out here, moving around, seeing the world." George just looked at him like he had gone insane. They rolled up to the end of the security line, and Jerry pointed to the security guards checking boarding passes. "Check out these high caliber individuals they have working at X ray security." "How 'bout this crack squad of savvy motivated personnel?" "They've chosen to stand in front of x rays fourteen hours a day, as a profession." They put their bags on the conveyor belt and stepped through the scanners. As they retrieved their shoes, Jerry peered over at the X ray TV screen. "What do you think they're looking for on that thing?" "I can't make out one object." "What's that?" "A hairdryer with a scope on it?" "Look, there's some sort of bowling ball candle." "Would you stop it!" snapped George. "Let's turn off the comedy routine for a minute, can we?" They walked past the gift shops, looking for some snacks to take on the plane. George peered in to look at the price tags, and shook his head. "Do the people that work in these shops have any idea what the prices are every place else in the world?" "Yeah, eight dollars for a candy bar." "That's fair, that's what we charge in our country." After waiting for their turn to board, they marched down the jetway and onto the plane. George struggled to get into his window seat and fit his bag down by his feet. "I feel like I can't breathe in here!" Jerry shrugged and stowed his luggage in the overhead compartment. "Well, it's all a tiny world on the airplane, isn't it?" "There's that little tiny table there, tiny computer, little cramped seats, tiny food, tiny utensils, tiny liquor bottles, tiny bathroom, tiny sink, tiny mirror, tiny faucet." "So, there's a small problem, there's gonna be a slight delay, we're gonna be a little late." "It's life in miniature." The pilot came over the PA system and started describing their route for the day: "We're headed up to thirty thousand feet, then I'll make a left by Pittsburgh, and a right by Chicago…" Jerry laughed as he sat down. "Listen to this guy, he's so excited about being a pilot, he can't even stand himself." "Do we really need this information?" asked George. "I mean, just do whatever the hell you gotta do." "I don't know." "Just end up where it says on the ticket, really."