A small triangle overlapping a smaller circle slides into a rectangle. The triangle touches the circle, which glides away. The triangle slides to it and the circle moves away. The triangle comes into contact with the circle again, and the circle ricochets between the side of the rectangle and the triangle several times. The triangle moves in a ring around the circle, rotating. A large triangle slides towards the rectangle. The small triangle slides outside the rectangle until it is adjacent to the large triangle. After bouncing, both triangles slide out of the scene. The rectangle reassembles into a square-like structure with a triangular top and a line in the middle. The triangles slide into the structure through a gap in the bottom. The triangles rotate ninety degrees. The small triangle slides diagonally to the upper-right, stopping at the middle line. The large triangle does the same. The triangles rotate so their top corners touch, and then the small triangle rotates so the top corner points up. The large triangle slides diagonally down and rotates in place. Both triangles move slightly, up and down, up and down. The top of the structure rotates open, and the small triangle moves slowly upwards while rotating. The structure turns into a large V. The branches of the V rotate up and down. The V splits into two smaller Vs, and the triangle moves left and right with the Vs. Again, the two Vs split in half, making four Vs. The four Vs move in the same direction as the triangle, which moves left and right. The Vs reform the original square-like structure. The big triangle appears, and the triangles move slightly up and down. The big triangle moves diagonally up to the middle line. Adjacent to the little triangle, it moves up and down once. The large triangle moves diagonally down. The small triangle does the same. The small triangle slides down out of the structure. The large triangle disappears, and the entire structure rotates three-hundred-sixty degrees. The large triangle appears at the bottom. The small triangle moves into the structure, moves up and down next to the large triangle once, and then slides diagonally up to the middle of the structure. Both triangles rotate ninety degrees and then bounce slowly in place. The structure’s lower pieces form four Vs that again move up and down. The small triangle moves upward. The Vs are positioned around the triangle, moving with it. The Vs become rigid and form separate bars. Other pieces of form four longer lines. The long line on the left has hinges and moves towards the triangle. The triangle moves to the upper right, while the lines move down. The lines then move vertically, extending towards the triangle. The moving lines reform the square-like structure and the small triangle moves down to the middle line. The large triangle appears, moves left, and then rotates to point diagonally up. It bounces. The little triangle rotates ninety degrees and slides diagonally down. Both bounce, and the little triangle exits the structure. The large triangle disappears and the structure rotates three-hundred-sixty degrees. The large triangle appears. The small triangle slides into the structure, bounces adjacent to the large triangle, and glides diagonally upwards towards the middle line. It rotates until it points up, as does the large triangle below. Both bob slightly up and down. The top of the square-like structure opens, and the small triangle moves upwards. The square forms six lines. Two have moving parts. The lines move sideways all together, and a long line with hinges swings out towards the triangle. The triangle moves downwards. The small square appears from the left. Two of the lines rotate to point at them. The square and the triangle move counter-clockwise around the screen. The square and triangle move up and down. The square leaves and re-enters with a small circle. The circle is between the triangle and square. The circle moves quickly towards the lines. When the circle touches the lines, they collapse into pieces. The triangle moves above the pieces, making a small loop, and then glides off the screen. The pieces are stationary. The triangle reappears from the bottom left of the screen. The top of the triangle touches one of the pieces, which rotates up and back down. The motion is repeated on another piece, and the triangle touches the circle underneath it. The circle and triangle, moving in sync, move up and make a full revolution. The triangle moves off screen while the circle and the pieces are stationary. The pieces reform the square like structure. The small triangle moves slowly into it from the top. The large triangle appears in the bottom, moves left, and bounces once. The small triangle rotates ninety degrees, glides diagonally down, and bounces next to the large triangle. It slides out of the structure. The structure reconfigures into a rectangle with a gap in the upper left side and a circle in the bottom left. The small triangle slides through the gap. It touches the angled bar, which rotates to close the gap. The triangle slides towards the circle until they are touching. The circle moves upward and stops. The triangle moves to the circle and the circle moves away. A square appears on the left and moves towards the rectangle. The squared stops. It touches the bar, which rotates to make a gap. It moves to the triangle's position. The shapes touch and then bounce adjacent to each other. The triangle moves to the circle and the circle moves to the square. The circle moves repeatedly between the square and the triangle.