Martin took a deep breath and tried to calm down. The situation was almost desperate, and after Martin spent most of the last weeks drunk, he knew it was time to face reality. Martin looked at the reflection in the mirror and started weeping uncontrollably. That evening, at the utmost moment of hopelessness, Martin did the inconceivable: calling his mom to talk. In general, help from his mom resembled a lengthy and very excruciating lecture about all the things he had done wrong in his life. Starting from how Martin struggled to remain in his mom’s belly, up to how Martin had messed up everything with Sophia Jones. To be honest, it wasn’t far from the truth. His mom had gone through nearly 30 hours of agonizing labor. Martin could imagine, though he never really tried, it could have gone easier. But to this day, each time Martin looked at his mom’s belly, he felt that it was the only time that he really felt protected and loved. As for Sophia, it wasn’t that simple, as nothing in life ever is. Martin had treated her badly some time, and, well, Martin did take Sophia for granted, although Sophia was better than anything Martin could ever hope for. And Martin could go on and on and on about all the things that ended poorly. But it was beside the point. Martin learned the lesson, or so he told everybody, not understanding what the lesson was, and how the heck was he supposed to learn it. Martin’s mother identified his usual habit and spoke to him annoyed, “I’m so fed up with you, Martin. Listen to me. This might sound a bit crazy, but have you explored the idea of seeing a healer about your painful breakup?”

“Wow mom, that was just a dumb idea. I’m not that desperate.”

“Dearest, I wish you weren’t.”

Martin sometimes hated his mother for her harsh candor. But she had a point. “Fine mom, I’ll check it out,” Martin said dispassionately while as he hung up, and mumbled to himself ‘what do I have to lose?’

Martin woke up at dawn the next morning and anxiously scanned the internet for the combination of ‘best’ and ‘inexpensive’ therapist. Before long, Martin understood that, knowing nothing about the subject, it was hard to figure out which healer was the best. He would have to compromise for the most inexpensive one he could get. ‘Andre the Giant, hypnosis and physio-specialist. Customer satisfaction guaranteed.’ The combination was kind of strange, but just thinking about The Princess Bride, which was Martin’s all-time favorite film by far, made the choice much more easy. A deep voice answered Martin’s call: “Today’s your lucky day, Mr. Williams.” Somehow a fake name felt comforting. “I have a place at 1:30 pm today, but it’s going to be cold, so be sure to bring a coat.”

Martin arrived at Andre’s clinic at 1:27. And Andre, that to Martin’s dissatisfaction was a surprisingly small man, invited him in. “I dislike Thursdays,” Andre said. “For some reason, everyone seems to be ill.”

“I know what you mean. I used to be in the bathroom tissue industry,” Martin replied, feeling that was an unconventional response.

“So, are you interested in physio work, or you came here only for hypnosis session?” Andre asked.

“Just the hypnosis, please. My neck seems to be just perfect these days, thank you,” Martin replied confidently.

“Okay, dude,” Andre replied and coughed. “What seems to be worrying you, Mr. Williams?”

“It’s Sophia, the best girl on planet Earth. I can’t stop thinking of her. The wedding was supposed to happen in the summer, but I was scared to marry. I’m totally obsessed with Sophia. I dream about Sophia constantly, and I see her image in practically every woman I meet. To be honest, you are the 30th counselor I’ve spoken to.”

“Do you enjoy candy, Mr. Williams?”

Martin didn’t understand the relevance of the question, though he replied nevertheless, “I’m not crazy about it, but I eat a little now and then.”

“Just keep your eyes on the Kit Kat,” Andre replied, while he started to gently swing a small Kit Kat that was dangling from a cord.

“Aren’t you supposed to do that with a pocket clock?” Martin asked doubtfully.

“Put your faith in Andre, and everything will be just fine.”

Martin took a deep breath and tried not to laugh. The next thing he remembered was slowly waking and feeling like he could certainly use a good physio session. When Martin exited Andre’s clinic an hour later, he felt happier than he felt for years. It was like a bless. Martin’s neck was relaxed, plus he felt rising optimism in his soul. As he walked down the street, Martin noticed a woman that appeared exactly like Sophia, though after a second, he understood that he was fantasizing. Feeling good, he stopped to purchase a Kit Kat, and continued walking home unburdened. As days went by, Martin noticed that he was thinking about Sophia less and less. He really felt prepared to see Sophia. Martin called Sophia’s cell, and finally convinced her to come with him to the pub the next day. When Martin arrived at the pub, Sophia was staring at the clock.

“How are you doing, Sophia?” he inquired, without losing control over his voice this once.

“I could be worse. How are you these days?”

“Feeling better,” he replied, actually believing that the response he made was true.

“I have to go to the bathroom. Do you need anything?” Sophia inquired quietly.

“No, I’m fine. I was just eager to discuss our former relationship,” Martin replied. “By the way, do you have a Kit Kat on you by any chance?”

“What? No,” Sophia answered, looking at Martin sympathetically.

Martin felt like a new person. “That’s okay, I’ll be back in a jiffy”, Martin said, while he jumped to find a nearby kiosk.

On the way to their table, while munching what was left of the Kit Kat, Martin laughed to himself. ‘Why didn’t I go to Andre the Giant sooner? I must never admit this to mom.’ Martin pushed his stool with large, foolish grin on his lips. ‘I have to visit Andre about my new size problem as soon as possible,” Martin thought, while he began to pat his rapidly growing stomach.