Okay, so getting back to our story about, uh, Lucy, this is a story that, uh, begins in nineteen-sixty-four and it's one that Charles would have never heard about had he not bumped into this obscure old memoir. Long out of print. Yeah, what's the name of the book? Do you actually have it with you? Yeah, hold on. It's called Lucy: Growing Up Human; A Chimpanzee Daughter in a Psychotherapist Family, by Maurice K. Temerlin. Maurice K Temerlin, he is the psychotherapist. He's a psychotherapist. And he's also the dad in this story and his wife Jane, who's a social worker, she's the mom. Now, the thing to know was that, especially for Maurice Temerlin, this was more than just adopting a baby chimp. This was an experiment. Yeah. He wanted to know, given the right upbringing, how human could Lucy become? You know what he says early on in this book, "would she learn to love us and perhaps have other human emotions as well?" Would she be well well-behaved? Rebellious? Intelligent or stupid? What about sex? Maurice Temerlin actually died in nineteen-eighty-nine but these are his words, read by radio host David Garland. Would she mother her offspring? Could she learn to talk? How intelligent might she be? And so how did they get her? He says that, um, he and his wife Jane made all the arrangements. Went and got the chimp. From the day the infant was born. The mother was anesthetized. In the early morning of her second day, Jane fed the mother a coca-cola, which had been spiked with phencyclidine, a drug which puts chimpanzees into a deep pleasant sleep. And the baby was taken away. Jane named her Lucy and brought her home on a commercial airline, carried in a bassinet, her face covered with a lacy blanket. We were blissfully unaware of the complexities we were creating on the day Lucy came home. So the baby was a day or two old. Just two days old. So it wasn't weaned. No, and that was part of the experiment. They bottle feed her? Yeah. She quickly learned to hold her own bottle. At two months, her eyes would focus. At three months, she was trying to climb out of her crib to go to people. And at six months, she was pretty mobile on all four limbs. Memoir goes on. By the time she was about a year old, she was eating at the table with us. Forks, spoons, knives. She would see us using silverware and immediately do so herself. She began to dress herself in skirts. She would often grab my hand, pull me to my feet, and beg me to chase her, always looking back to see that Daddy was not too far behind. You know he really went at this with this sort of full-bore earnestness. You know when he calls her his darling daughter and, "I took great pride in my daughter's achievement," he does feel like a real parent to Lucy She was so responsive to being looked at, held, and stroked, but he's also, and to make no mistake, treating this as a very intense cutting-edge experiment. The next phase of the experiment, which occupies a good deal of the book, involves one of those, uh, talents that we thought used to have only be limited to us. Language. Okay. Can you introduce yourself please? Okay, my name is Roger Fouts, I'm a professor of psychology, and I've uh worked with chimpanzees since nineteen-sixty-seven. Roger Fouts was called in by Maurice Temerlin to address one of the, you know, crucial questions of the experiment. Could she learn to talk? Right. And at the time, he was the guy, he'd just been part of a team that had, uh, proven for the first time that chimps could use sign language to communicate, so his job with Lucy was to teach her how to sign. And I think I, uh, came into her life when she was, as I remember, it was nineteen-seventy, I think it was four or five, she was four or five years old. Roger taught her signs for airplane, baby doll, ball, banana, barrette... Right, (berry) yeah, yeah, yeah, so I was sort of like (blanket) the, the tutor, friend, babysitter, that would come over for a few hours (bow-tie) each day and spend some time just, you know, just playing with Lucy. (candy) I would work on signs. (cat) We’d read books together and, or we’d go for walks and, uh, I would chat with her basically. (cry, dirty) And he says that Lucy (enough) just sort of picked it up, picked it all up. It was like a game. She learned some two-hundred-fifty signs, and the big question is, okay, so is it mere mimicry or are they able to spontaneously create words. Yeah. And put them together in a new original way. And there's been a lot of anecdotal evidence that, in fact, Lucy did, um, spontaneously (paper) create (pen) words. In a later session, when shown a piece of watermelon, Lucy tasted it, and she called it candy drink. Huh. And a radish, uh, had gotten quite old and one day, you know, she was calling it food and food for I think several days of the study, and then she decided to eat this old radish, and she took a bite and spit it out. I said, "Well what is that?" She called it "cry hurt food". Wow. She would also lie to me. Really. Yes, yeah, yeah. And lying, we should also say, is another one of those things that people used to think only we do. During one of my sessions I came in and she had a potty accident, that she had been potty trained, but sometimes she didn't always make it, and I was upset because I was now faced with having to clean it up and so I said, "Whose is that?" and she said, "Sue." Who's Sue? Sue was one of, uh, one of my students that would come in and spend time with Lucy too. I said "No, Sue's not here," and finally — she blamed it on Sue? — she fessed up. Yeah, and said Lucy, and sorry, and so on. Sue? Yes. This is Sue. Sue Savage-Rumbaugh. The grad student of yours who says she didn't actually see that lie take place. Yes, well, I wasn't there. But she told us that when she met Lucy, she was blown away by, well, the incongruity of it all. Like for instance, every time she would walk in the house, Lucy would just walk casually into the kitchen and search through the cupboard for the kind of tea she wanted that day and put some water in a kettle and put it on the stove and make us tea. Yeah, it became a routine. I'd come in and she would start the tea. It was the casualness with which she did it, the kind of air about it that, yes, I'm making tea and I would like you to have some too because tea is what we do. And so the thing to do is to sit down and to casually sip the tea with Lucy and casually look through the magazines, listen to the radio and — What magazines would she look at? Well, she, she looked at, I think, house and garden, and some magazines that had pictures of women and children in them, whatever the Temerlins had out. Wow. Lucy had developed an awareness of our emotions. If Jane is distressed, Temerlin's wife, Lucy notices it immediately and attempts to comfort her by putting her arm about her, grooming or kissing her. If Jane is sick, Lucy would exhibit tender protectiveness toward her, bringing her food, sharing her own food. As we get to this next part, this is sort of the midpoint of the memoir, it's useful to sort of remember a basic fact of biology. Speciation happens when you've got one group of creatures that gets divided into two and then these two groups evolve away from one another and eventually they get so far away from each other that they can't have babies. And nature makes sure that they can't have babies by making one species basically undesirable to the other. You look across, you're a baboon, you look across at a chimp and you go, “Eh.” Yeah, you're only sexually attracted to your own kind. That is essentially what a species is. Now this isn't something you're supposed to be able to learn or unlearn. This is just the way it is, yeah. I was there when she was introduced to her first, uh, adult male chimpanzee. Had Lucy ever seen another chimpanzee before? Never seen another chimpanzee from the moment of birth. Wow. She says they brought this male chimp in to see if Lucy was attracted to chimpanzee males. And was she? I, well, the male chimpanzee would sit there with his hand held out toward her and she was very frightened. Hmm. And she tried to move away. It was then, says Sue, that she realized that in every way that mattered, Lucy was no longer a chimp. She was stranded. Right in between this great divide that I knew was there between humans and non-humans, and I, I did not know how to negotiate this. There is no category in our language, except a mythical one, for something that's not human and not animal.