Brandon spotted Marianne at a table as soon as he entered the restaurant. Though he was already running late, he stood and watched her for a moment until he was interrupted by the host. "Are you waiting for someone, sir?" "Oh no, my date's here, thank you," said Brandon, and walked quickly over to Marianne's table. They greeted each other with awkward hellos as Brandon took his seat. "Did you find it ok?" he asked. "Yes," replied Marianne with a smile. "You look handsome." "You look amazing." A waiter approached their tables with menus. "Welcome, I have a few specials on the menu, if you'd like to hear them?" They didn't even have time to respond before he launched into his speech. He finally finished, asking if they would like to start with some wine. Brandon looked at Marianne. "You want some wine?" "White, red?" "Red," she nodded. "Maybe-" "Pinot Noir is, um, light," the waiter interrupted. "If you like it… like… light." He trailed off awkwardly. "Great," said Brandon, amused. Brandon and Marianne made small talk about where they grew up (Brooklyn for her, Ireland for him) and their families (a sister each), and then looked over their menus in uncomfortable silence. Marianne tried to start the conversation again, saying "It took me an hour to figure out what to wear." "You chose wisely," said Brandon, nodding. The waiter rushed over to the table and poured their wine. He then stood there expectantly, and they realized he was waiting for their order. They both ordered the lamb, then turned to one another as the waiter nodded and backed away. "So, you seeing anyone at the moment?" asked Brandon. "No… actually, I'm separated." "Kind of a recent thing." "Oh, you were married for long?" "No, gave it a shot, it didn't really work out." She paused, fingering her napkin. "What about you?" "No, I'm not seeing anyone." "To be honest I can't understand how people can stay with one person for the rest of their lives… my longest relationship was four months." Marianne raised her eyebrows. "Four months?" "You have to commit, you have to actually give it a shot." "I did," he laughed. "For four months." Soon the waiter returned with their lamb, artfully arranged on the plate. As they began to cut into the meat, Brandon leaned over to Marianne. "If you had a choice to live in the past or the future and you could be anything you wanted, what would you be?" "Well, what would you be?" "I always wanted to be a musician in the sixties." Marianne shook her head. "I saw that Rolling Stones documentary recently, the sixties seemed like chaos." "The last place I'd want to be." "So where would you wanna be?" "You know." "Here, now." "Don't be so boring," he said playfully.