He took a deep breath and tried to calm down. The situation seemed almost hopeless, and after he spent most of the last weeks drinking, he knew he must confront the truth. He looked at his reflection in the mirror and started sobbing uncontrollably. That evening, at his deepest moment of despair, he did the unthinkable: calling his mother to consult. In general, advice from his mother resembled a long and gruesomely painful lecture about all the big mistakes he had made in his life. Starting from how he fought to stay in his mother’s womb, up to the way he had ruined the relationship with Emily L’Amour. To be honest, this wasn’t far from the truth. His mother had gone through almost 40 hours of painful labor. He could imagine, though he never actually tried, it could have gone better. But to this day, every time he looked at his mom’s belly, he felt that it was the only place that truly felt safe and warm. As for Emily, it wasn’t that simple, as nothing in life ever is. He did mistreat her at times, and, well, he did take her for granted, although she was better than anything he could ever hope for. And he could go on and on and on about all the things that went wrong. But it was beside the point. He learned his lesson, or so he told everyone, never understanding what the lesson was, and how the hell was he supposed to learn it. His mother recognized his regular routine and said to him impatiently, “I’m so tired of you, Thomas. Listen to me. This might sound a bit wacky, but have you considered the idea of seeing a hypnotist about your broken heart?”

“Oh mom, that is just a stupid idea. I’m not that desperate.”

“Dearest, I hope you aren’t.”

He sometimes hated his mom for her brutal honesty. But she had a point. “Okay mom, I’ll look into it,” he said mechanically as he hung up, and thought to himself ‘what do I have to lose?’

He woke up early the next morning and frantically scanned the web for the combination of ‘best’ and ‘cheapest’ therapist. Before long, he understood that, knowing nothing about the subject, it was hard to figure out which therapist was the best. He would have to settle for the cheapest one he could find. ‘Andre the Giant, chiropractor and hypnotist-therapist. Money back guaranteed.’ The combination was a bit odd, but just the thought of Princess Bride, which was his all-time favorite movie by far, made the choice so much easier. A low voice answered his call: “It’s your lucky day, Mr. Smith.” Somehow a fake name felt safer. “I have a cancellation for 10:15 am today, but it’s going to be chilly, so be sure to wear a scarf.”

He arrived at Andre’s clinic at 9:56. And Andre, who to his disappointment was a surprisingly short giant, welcomed him in. “I hate Wednesdays,” he said. “For some reason, everyone seems to be sick.”

“I know what you mean. I used to be in the toilet paper industry,” Thomas replied, feeling that was an eccentric response.

“So, are you interested in chiropractic therapy, or are you here just for hypnosis session?” Andre asked.

“Just the hypnosis session. My back seems to be just fine these days, thank you,” Thomas said assertively.

“Sure, man,” Andre replied and coughed. “What seems to be bothering you, Mr. Smith?”

“It’s Emily, the greatest girl in the world. I can’t stop thinking about her. We were supposed to marry in the spring, but I was afraid to commit. I’m still obsessed with her. I dream about her constantly, and I imagine her face in almost every woman I see. To be honest, you are the 20th therapist I’ve gone to.”

“Do you like chocolate, Mr. Smith?”

Thomas didn’t understand the relevance of the question, but he replied nevertheless, “I’m not crazy about it, but I take a bite now and then.”

“Just keep your eyes on the Milky Way,” Andre said, as he started to gently dangle a miniature Milky Way, which was tied to a string.

“Aren’t you supposed to do that with a silver watch?” Thomas said doubtfully.

“Put your trust in Andre, and everything will be just fine.”

He took a deep breath and tried not to laugh. The next thing he remembered was waking up and feeling like he could really use a good chiropractic therapy. When he left Andre’s clinic an hour later, he felt better than he had for ages. It was like a miracle. His back felt great, and he had new hope in his heart. As he strolled down the street, he spotted a girl that looked exactly like Emily, but after another second, he realized that he was imagining. Feeling better, he stopped to buy a Milky Way, and continued walking home lighthearted. As days went by, he noticed that he was dreaming about Emily less than ever. He was finally ready to meet her. He called his ex, and eventually persuaded her to meet with him at a bar the next day. When he arrived at the bar, Emily was looking at her watch.

“How are you doing, Emily?” he asked, not losing control over his body for a change.

“I have been better. How are you these days?”

“Getting better,” he answered, actually believing in the words that he was saying.

“I have to go to the ladies’ room. Do you want anything?” she inquired softly.

“No, I’m fine. I was just hoping to talk about our past,” he answered. “By the way, do you have a Milky Way on you by any chance?”

“What? No,” she answered, looking at him tenderly.

Thomas felt like a confident man. “It’s fine, I’ll be back in a jiffy,” he said, as he left to find a vending machine.

On his way to seat, while swallowing what was left of his chocolate, he smiled to himself. ‘Why didn’t I go to that wacky hypnotist earlier? I must never admit this to mom.’ He moved the chair with a big smile on his face. ‘I have to see Andre about my new weight problem as soon as possible,” he thought, as he started tapping on his newly acquired belly.