Sheldon slowly walked into the restaurant, eying the decor suspiciously. His roommate Leonard pushed past him and asked the hostess for a table for two. As they were led to their chairs, Sheldon began to protest yet again. "Just because our next-door neighbor is a waitress here, it does not logically follow that we have to eat here." "What’s the point of even having a weekly restaurant schedule if we’re not going to follow it?" Leonard sighed, and picked up one of the menus on the table. "You’ll live." "Trust me, everything’s good here." "Statistically unlikely," said Sheldon. Penny, their neighbor, came over to the table to take their order. "Hi guys?" "You ready?" Sheldon gestured at the menu, flustered. "We don’t eat here, I don’t know what’s good." "Just get a hamburger, you like hamburgers," said Leonard. "I like the hamburgers where we usually have hamburgers, you can’t make the assumption that I’ll like the hamburgers here." Leonard rolled his eyes and looked at Penny. "I'm sorry." "Give him a hamburger." "Uh, which one, the Classic Burger, the Ranch House Burger, the Barbecue Burger or the Kobe burger?" "Can’t we just go to Big Boy?" asked Sheldon, exasperated. "They only have one burger." "The Big Boy." "The Barbecue Burger is like the Big Boy," suggested Penny. "Excuse me, in a world that already includes the Big Boy, why would I settle for something like a Big Boy?" "Because you are not at Big Boy!" said Penny with a grimace, her patience wearing thin. Sheldon threw up his hands in defeat. "Fine, I’ll have the Barbecue Burger." "Make it two," said Leonard, handing her the menus. Penny smiled at him. "Thank you Leonard." "By the way, I saw you come home with your date last night!" "I’m so happy for you." Leonard turned to Sheldon as Penny walked away. "What did she mean, she’s happy for me?" "Is she happy because I’m seeing someone, or is she happy because she thinks that I’m happy, because anyone who cared for someone would want them to be happy, even if the reason for their happiness made the first person unhappy." "You know, because the second person, though happy, is now romantically unavailable to the first person." Sheldon sat back in his chair. "You’re a lucky man, Leonard." "How so?" "You’re talking to one of the three men in the Western hemisphere capable of following that train of thought." "Well, what do you think?" "I said I could follow it, not that I cared." Penny returned with their burgers, and Sheldon cautiously took a bite. His eyes widened in surprise, and he bit off a larger piece. "You know, I think I may have misjudged this restaurant." "I won’t go out on a limb, but I think we may be looking at my new Tuesday hamburger."