Okay, so, they began with, like, a dream sequence of, um, a shootout. It's during the day. It looks like its in a grassy field with some sort of disheveled, like, half decomposed building. Um, there's a lot of guys in army gear, um, shooting. It's very chaotic, can't really make out any faces, or, really people. Um, and then, so, that, uh, cuts out really quickly and you see this man kind of like start out of the bed. It’s dark. Looks like it’s the middle of the night or something. And, um, so he just kind of sits up, and, like, sits there, like, heaving for a while, like he just woke up from a nightmare which is what we assume that dream was. Um, so then it cuts out to the daytime and we get, like, an image of his apartment and kind of, like, walking around. They have a shot of his mug which has some kind of, like, sign on it, like a crest almost. And then, um, there's, like, a quick shot too of a gun and a notebook. And then it cuts to another clip of the same man sitting in front of what we can assume is his therapist. And, um, they’re talking. She says something about him still having trust issues, and—or no, she writes that, and then he reads it upside down and asks her, like, about writing that, and then, um, she confronts him about reading her writing upside-down, and it’s a very tense situation. And then, um, that immediately cuts out and we see a blonde woman. Um, she's in an office building. She's on the phone with a man. And, um, we're not sure what the relationship is between her and the man, but, uh, she tells him to get a taxi home. And then, um, right after we see a clip of a man taking a pill out of, like, this clear bottle. And, um, the pill is white with red dots on it. And the, the scene is pretty hazy so you're not exactly sure what's happening. Looks like he's in some sort of, uh, building though, like right up against the edge in, like, a glass elevator or some small, confined area. So he’s shaking, he takes his pill, and then, um, we see him press against the glass from an outside perspective. And later, it revealed that he died. Um, and it’s implied that that pill is the poison that killed him. And, um, then there's a quick scene where, uh, someone, I'm not sure who it was, was saying, um, this man, like, he was a good person, we're not sure why he died, or, I mean, why he would have committed suicide. And then the blonde woman who spoke to him on the phone earlier is seen in the background crying. And then we cut to another scene of these two teenagers, maybe early twenties, these two guys, pretty young, um, walking in the rain. One of them doesn't have his umbrella, and the other does. And it’s raining, it’s dark, it’s in the evening. The one without the umbrella tells his friend, “I’m gonna go back and get my umbrella,” because it’s raining. And then, so, he leaves, and, um, again, it’s kind of unclear exactly what happens. But, the friend was waiting for awhile, we can assume that because he checks his watch a couple times, and then, uh, the guy, the same bottle that the man had earlier with the pills in it, that appears again and we assume that the, um, that the guy who walked away supposedly to get an umbrella, took this pill and then, um, died. Then there is another scene with two, um, it looks like it’s in a club or something, there’s a bar. A woman walks out of the club dance floor area and says to a man, “Hey she's still dancing, if you can call it that.” Um, and then, um, these two, or, actually—just kidding—that’s the end of those two characters. And then, uh, we see the woman, assuming she’s the one that those two characters are talking about, and she has, she also has these, um, pills, and takes one out of the same vial again, and is dead. I believe then we go to, um, a panel. Uh, it looks like a press conference, and we're not sure exactly who the characters are on the panel but they seem to be some sort of public safety, police chief kind of figures. And, uh, there's pictures of the three suicide victims, um, as a backdrop. There’s a man and a woman who are really speaking, or are important in this scene. The man is mostly talking. He’s saying things like, “These suicides are definitely linked. Uh, It was the same poison that killed all of them.” Um, the, uh, he does say some things, though, he says, I believe, um, like, “We have our best people on the team,” and then everyone in the room gets a text that just says “wrong,” that’s it. “Wrong,” exclamation mark. And then later he says, um—oh, later there’s a woman in the audience who asks, “If these suicides are linked, how do we know they’re not murder?” And then the, the man responds, saying, “Well, they’re obviously suicides, because the manner, like the pills were obviously self-administered.” And then he says, like, in short—or, the woman asks, “How can we, uh, prevent this happening,” and he almost brushes it off saying “Well, don’t commit suicide.” And then he says, um, something along the lines of—I’m paraphrasing, but—you guys, everyone is as safe as they want to be. And then, again, the, everyone gets a text saying “wrong.” And that’s the third time that text is sent. And then a text is sent to only the man who was speaking. Um, uh, oh I’m not sure I remember what it said, but it was signed S. H., which we can assume is Sherlock Holmes. Um, let’s see, and then, um, I believe we go to, go back to, um, uh, Watson, which was the man who had the nightmare earlier, and he's walking around what looks like a university area. Um, he meets this other guy, um, not exactly sure what his role is either, but this older man, and they sit and talk for awhile, they’re having coffee. Um, oh, I never mentioned earlier, but, so Watson, he has a, uh, his leg is injured, so he walks with a cane and with a bit of a limp. Um, but yeah, so he and this man that he met are now sitting on a bench just talking um there's another scene where we see uh Sherlock the scene opens with the camera as if the camera was a cadaver so the camera’s like looking up and Watson unzips this, um, the, the bag and then is looking down at the camera and that’s when you first see it, you have, or—sorry, Sherlock unzips it, looks down, that’s when we first see him. And he has this other, there’s this other lady with him, I’m assuming, or, I’m assuming she’s the assistant. And, so, um, we see him take, like, I’m not sure what it’s called, like one of those paddle things, and, like, whacks this body pretty furiously for quite a while. Um, he says something about, like, checking how the bruises form to his assistant, and then she, um, starts to ask him for coffee. He interrupts her saying that she had put on lipstick. She looks embarrassed, um, but then ends up finishing, asking if he wants coffee, and then he says, “Yes.” He goes up to his lab where he’s working on something. It looks like he’s using, like, a pipette or something to, uh, work with fluids. She, um, delivers to him his coffee and he makes a remark that she now has removed her lipstick. And she again looks kind of embarrassed, says something about it not working out for her. And, um, excuse me, um, he, um, starts, says something along the lines of, “Oh, like, it was an improvement,” or something, “your lips look small now.” And then she leaves, she’s butthurt. Um, while this is happening, he had just met, uh, Watson. So, Watson and his friend from earlier, um, approached Sherlock in his lab, and, uh, maybe one of the first things Sherlock says to Watson is, um, “So, what was it, Iraq or Afghanistan?” So, he immediately knows that Watson was an army doctor. He makes some mention of that later, also saying, like, “I know you’re an army doctor.” Um, the, it’s revealed that Sherlock is looking for a flat mate and this mutual friend, um, is now going to introduce Watson to Sherlock in hopes that, um, Sherlock and, or, Watson will be a suitable roommate for Watson. So, um, that happens. Uh, Sherlock asks for the mutual friend’s phone, and he doesn’t have it, so Watson offers up his. Um, Sherlock appears to send a text or something through his phone, um, and then before, uh, those two leave, meaning, um, Watson and his friend, Sherlock says, “Meet me at the address two two one Baker Street.” I think, um, because that’s where his flat is going to be. And then, um, Watson kind of says something along the lines of, “But we don’t even know each other,” and then Sherlock starts listing things. He says, um, that Watson was an army doctor in Afghanistan, and that, um, his, he’s not close to his brother. His brother recently, like, walked out of a marriage or something, or is an alcoholic, or both. And, um uh Watson looks very confused or shocked, I guess, at this. And then, um, he leaves. So, um, and then I believe we see the two of them now and they, um, get, or they are now entering what we can assume is Sherlock’s flat. Um, there’s another lady, the landlord. Um, I forgot her name, but she’s also there with them, and greets them both. Um, we see that Sherlock’s flat is a complete mess. Uh, there’s books, things, there’s this skull poster on the wall, there’s another actual skull sitting above the fireplace. Uh, the kitchen’s a mess, it looks like there’s lots of, like, chemistry lab equipment on there. Um, but yeah, so then, uh, they go into there, and then, there, they talk for a little bit. Um, Sherlock, uh, he, he makes some comments about, to, um, his landlady about, um, having her make him tea or clean up the kitchen or something along those lines. And she’s kind of protesting, “I am not like a housekeeper, I’m the landlord here.” But, um, yeah, he, they uh, talk about the three linked suicides, I believe prompted by a newspaper. And then, uh, while they’re talking about it, Sherlock looks out the window and says well now it’s four. So, somehow he sees a police car and just immediately knows that it’s, that means that there has been a suicide. Oh, um, yeah, so before this scene, there was another one of those unclear, fuzzy suicide scenes where we see a woman with bright red nails reaching for yet again that same pill bottle with those pills in it. And then, um, so we can assume that she committed suicide in the same manner. So, um, so, back to the Sherlock, um, flat scene. He’s looking out the window, he says, “This time it’s unusual, though. Um, number four is, this is different.” So, not long after he says this, there’s a man who comes up the stairs into Sherlock’s flat. Um, I’ll call him, like, the invest- or police investigator from here on out, just for clarity’s sake. So, the policeman, um, he doesn’t even say anything to Sherlock, I don’t think, before Sherlock says like, um, like, “What’s different about this case?” And then he asks, “Why?” Like, “Why do you think something's different?” And then Sherlock says, “Well, if there wasn’t anything different, you wouldn’t have come to me.” Um, something along those lines. And then, um, the policeman says, uh, “They—you know how they never leave a note? They left a note.” So, um, he leaves after, or, no, he asks Sherlock, “Will you come?” And then Sherlock kind of nonchalantly says, like, “I’ll be out behind you.” And then, so, the policeman leaves. Um, Sherlock is suddenly, like, bursts out, he’s really excited. He says, “This is so much fun,” and, um, quickly goes after him. Um, so now, in the flat, there’s just the landlady and Watson left. And then, um, Watson asks for tea and biscuits, and the landlady says to him what she said earlier to Sherlock about not being a housekeeper. Um, Sherlock now reappears really quickly and then there’s, like, a witty exchange between him and Watson. Sherlock says, um, “You’re a doctor. I’m sure you’ve seen lots of like gruesome, violent things.” And then, uh, Watson says, “Yeah,” like, “More than enough, more than, more than you can imagine.” And then Sherlock says, “Want to see more?” And then Watson replies affirmatively, and those two go to the scene of the crime. Um, on the way there, they have a conversation in the cab, where, um, Watson asks Sherlock about how he knew everything about, uh, having, about Watson having, like, an estrange-, estrange-, estranged brother, who left his wife, and, or is alcoholic, and how he knew that he was an army doctor from Afghanistan. Um, so, Sherlock explains everything. I didn’t catch every little detail he said, but even the little, like, he says the way that Watson walked, the scratches on his phone, the fact that his phone was a hand-me-down, and the engraving on the back of his phone. And then, so, Watson is very thoroughly impressed, and Sherlock is almost surprised by that, because, he said that most people get angry. Um, and then, as they're leaving the cab, Watson, or, Sherlock asks Watson what he got wrong. And then, so, Watson starts listing off everything exactly as Sherlock had said it. And Sherlock was like, is, was pleasantly surprised, saying like, “Wow, well, for once I got everything right.” And then Watson says, “Well, Harry is short for Harriet.” So, um, Sherlock was actually wrong about the gender of, uh, Watson’s sibling; it wasn’t his brother, it was his sister. Um, so, they arrive at the scene of the crime. Um, there's police tape everywhere. It’s at night. There is, uh, police cars, the sirens. It looks like a pretty old run down apartment building. Um, the two are greeted by this lady, she's wearing, like, a peacoat and a skirt, and then there's some animosity between this lady and Sherlock. Um, it seems like they had some history of some sort; they don’t like each other. Uh, she calls him “the freak”. And, um, uh, yeah, there’s, like, a tense interaction there. He asks, uh, why, or he makes a comment about her not having come home last night and still wearing the same thing from the night before. And then, so, they duck under. There’s this guy named Anderson who comes out, who we know does not get along too well with Sherlock and maybe doesn’t quite believe in his abilities, detective ability. So, um, Anderson says to him, just some snarky things to him; I don’t remember exactly what. And, um, uh, Sherlock makes a comment about the lady, um, spending the night at, with Anderson, um, because of the cologne that he can smell, or something. And then also makes a comment about her knees, um, implying that, like, there was some sexual relationship going on. And, so, then, he, he—Sherlock and Watson enter the building.