She took a deep breath and tried to calm down. The situation seemed too good, and after she spent most of the last weeks worrying, she knew she could enjoy the moment. She looked at her reflection in the mirror and started laughing uncontrollably. That evening, at her biggest moment of triumph, she did the expected: calling her mother to brag. In general, conversations with her mother resembled an intense and unbelievably optimistic lecture about all the good things she had accomplished in her life. Starting from how she managed to slide from her mother’s womb, up to the way she had reached the finals in American Idol. To be honest, it wasn’t far from the truth. Her mother had gone through only 2 hours of relaxed labor. She could imagine, though she never actually tried, it could have gone worse. But to this day, every time she looked at her mom’s belly, she felt that it was a safe haven that truly felt nice and warm. As for Idol, it wasn’t that simple, as nothing in life ever is. She did pick a great song, and, well, she did take it for granted, although it was better than anything she could ever hope for. And she could go on and on and on about all the things that worked out. But it was beside the point. She learned her lesson, or so she told everyone, not understanding what the lesson was, and how the hell was she supposed to learn it. Her mom recognized her elated mood and said to her enthusiastically, “I’m so proud of you, Rachel. Listen to me. This might sound a bit obnoxious, but have you forgone the idea of seeing a psychic about your stagefright?”

“Wow mom, that was just a fleeting idea. I’m not that desperate.”

“Bambi, I know you aren’t.”

She sometimes hated her mom for her random comments. But she had a point. “Sure mom, I’m done with that,” she said hesitantly as she hung up, and thought to herself ‘what do I have to lose?’

She woke up late the next morning and calmly scanned the newspaper for the combination of ‘best’ and ‘nearest’ psychic. Before long, she understood that, knowing nothing about the subject, it was hard to figure out which psychic was the best. She would have to settle for the nearest one she could find. ‘Hermione the Giant, pedicurist and fortune-teller. Money back guaranteed.’ The combination was kind of intriguing, and just the thought of Harry Potter, which was her all-time favorite book by far, made the choice even more exciting. A sweet voice answered her call: “It’s your lucky day, Mr. Monroe.” Somehow a fake name felt sexier. “I have a place at 5:30 pm today, but it’s going to be rainy, so be sure to bring an umbrella.”

She arrived at Hermione’s clinic at 5:36. And Hermione, to her delight, was a surprisingly beautiful magician, welcomed her in. “I love Tuesdays,” she said. “For some reason, everyone seems to be happy.”

“I know what you mean. I used to be in the phonebook industry,” Rachel replied, feeling that was a satisfactory response.

“So, are you interested in pedicure session, or are you just here for fortune-telling?” Hermione asked.

“Just the fortune-telling. My toenails seem to be just glowing these days, thank you,” Rachel said proudly.

“Sure, darling,” Hermione replied and grinned. “What seems to be bothering you, Ms. Monroe?”

“It’s Simon, the meanest judge in American Idol. I can’t stop thinking about him. I am supposed to participate in the final, but I am afraid to panic. I’m absolutely obsessed with him. I dream about him constantly, and I imagine his voice in almost every man I hear. To be honest, you are the first person I’ve confided with.”

“Do you like vodka, Ms. Monroe?”

Rachel didn’t understand the relevance of the question, but she replied nevertheless. “I’m not crazy about it, but I drink a sip now and then.”

“Just keep your eyes on the vodka bottle,” Hermione said, as she started to gently caress a tiny vodka bottle which was standing on the table.

“Aren’t you supposed to do that with a crystal ball?” Rachel asked doubtfully.

“Put your trust in Hermione, and everything will be just fine.”

She took a deep breath and tried not to laugh. The next thing she remembered was looking around and feeling like she could really use a good pedicure session. When she left Hermione’s clinic an hour later, she felt worse than she had for ages. It was like a nightmare. Her face looked pale, and she had severe pain in her throat. As she strolled down the street, she heard a man that sounded exactly like Simon, and after another second, she realized that she was panicking. Feeling stressed, she stopped to buy a vodka martini, and continued walking home heavy-hearted. As days went by, she noticed that she was thinking about Simon more than ever. She was completely terrified of meeting Simon. She called her mom, and easily persuaded her to come with her to the finals the next day. When she arrived at the studios, Simon was staring at his feet.

“How are you doing, Simon?” she asked, almost losing control over her voice for a moment.

“I am doing great. How are you these days?”

“Getting by,” she answered, actually thinking about the bottle that she was hiding.

“I have to go to the dressing room. Do you need anything?” he inquired impatiently.

“No, I’m fine. I was just planning to work on the routine,” she replied. “By the way, do you have a vodka martini on you by any chance?”

“What? No,” he answered, looking at her blamefully.

Rachel felt like a little girl. “I’m sorry, I’ll be back in a jiffy,” she said, as she ran to find a hidden spot.

On her way to the stage, while licking what was left of her drink, she thought to herself, ‘Why didn’t I go to a regular psychologist first? I must never admit this to mom.’ She entered the stage with a blank stare in her eyes. ‘I have to see someone about my new focus problem as soon as possible,” she thought, as she started vomiting on her high-heeled shoes.